adapter                 apt
arguments               args
block                   blk
blocks                  blks
blockchain              blkChn
blockstore              blkStor
callback                cb
capabilities            caps
compilation             compi
config                  cfg
consensus               cs
contract                contr
datasource              ds
event                   evt
element                 ele
filter                  fltr
header                  hdr
handler                 hdlr
height                  hgt
logger                  lg
multi-chain-framework   mcf
message                 msg
nucochain_pbft          ncp
keyvalue                kv
keyvalueDataStore       kvds
pointer                 ptr
program                 prog
repository              repo
receipt                 recpt
result                  rlt
round                   rnd
transaction             Tx
validator               vali